She made her way in here,
and as you can see…
Jeez…
It's unfortunate how the
Japan Cup turned out.
Tokyo - #5 Day 8 - 11th Race
Japan Cup (G1)
1st #11 El Condor Pasa
Team: Rigil
Country: Japan
2nd #1 Air Groove
Team: Rigil
Country: Japan
3rd #9 Special Week
Team: Spica
Country: Japan
I think she must
have been really sad.
I'm sure she wanted to win because she
was supposed to run in it with you.
I hope Spe-chan is okay.
She's been here every day since then.
Suzuka-san, how are you feeling?!
Are you hungry?
Are you thirsty?
I'll get you some tea.
That's hot!
I'm happy she's trying to cheer me up, but…
I hope she's been training.
Yeah, though she isn't
really getting anywhere.
Let's run together! — Special Week
See you on the tracks again! —El Condor Pasa
Free food when you get back! On the trainer. —Gold Ship
Let's run together!
Special Week
I can't wait to run again.
I want to start training again.
I told you that you can't
rush into these things.
Yes…
But on the off chance…
You'll be able to run again!
You're going to run with
me once you get better!
You were awake?
I'll do anything for you, Suzuka!
First, we need to talk about what
you did wrong at the Japan Cup.
Suzuka-san, I'll see you again tomorrow!
Do you hear the fanfare as
we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
If we just start to run, that's
where our story will begin
It's always waiting right in front of us
If you reach out just a little
more, we can seize that glory
Aim for the top, challenge
them all, and it's off to the races
Even the goddess of victory will be dazzled
By your big debut that's just around the bend
So can you hear the fanfare
as we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Let's overtake them all! It's
a track laid out just for you!
Your dreams are at the finish if you believe
Race 8
For You
Happy New Year!
It's almost time for the
Winter
Dream
Trophy
It's now the morning of the WDT,
the Winter Dream Trophy.
Early-Spring Special New Racer!!
WDT Special!!
Analysis:
Hosoe Junko
Host:
Akasaka Misato
I can't wait to see what happens.
The Dream Trophy comes twice a year.
It's a contest where star horse girls
who have earned the right
to perform can compete.
It's amazing just to be able to be out there.
It's a real dream roster this year!
The race will start this evening.
We have a video promoting all the
horse girls that'll be in the race.
Please take a look!
Victory…
Suzuka-san, I'm here to get you.
Permission Slip
Silence Suzuka
I'm excited, too.
Looks like you're all ready.
Let's go!
Kotakeya
There she is!
Hey!
Sorry for taking so long.
Ta-dah!
Hey!
Her cast is off!
So you can run now?
Of course not.
Hey!
You'll have to go into rehab now, huh?
I hope you do well.
Thank you.
Let's eat something really good today.
Our trainer will pay.
All right!
I'll handle the New Year's party.
Happy New Year!
Why do I have to get everything ready?
You said you'd handle the
New Year's party, didn't you?
You look good in that apron.
In the Mejiro household,
my servants handle work like this.
I guess I shouldn't expect you guys
to be able to handle any housework.
Ow!
Suzuka-san, it doesn't hurt, does it?
No, I'm fine.
Here's your Trainer Special Hot Pot!
Let's dig in.
You're going to gain weight again.
What do you mean, "again"?!
I'll give you some of mine.
Oh, thank you.
The WDT is going to start!
All the fans for all the horse girls,
Winter Dream Trophy
and all their dreams: it's time
to start the Winter Dream Trophy.
Tokyo - Turf - 2400m
Will the Emperor, Symboli Rudolf, win?
Or will it be the
Shadow Roll Monster, Narita Brian?
The Super Car, Maruzensky?
The Two-Stage Rocket, Fuji Kiseki?
Or the Monster from Afar, Oguri Cap?!
They're all out of the gates!
Prez, you can do it!
The president is so cool.
I want us to run there someday, too!
That's a good goal.
Then we're going to need
to work especially hard.
Yeah.
That's right.
G-I
G-II
G-III
Open Special
Ranked Class / Junior Class
First Debut • Unranked
If you win a lot in the Twinkle Series,
you'll be able to get into the Dream Trophy.
I-I want to run in it, too!
I want to run with the
president and Suzuka-san.
Spe, you're fast when you're in the zone,
but you're too inconsistent.
It's going to take more than the
Derby to make you the best in Japan.
Right!
Vodka, Scarlet,
it's true you'll get faster much quicker
if you have a rival on your team,
but you gotta make sure you
keep up with each other.
Right!
Teio, everyone knows that you're talented,
but that's not good enough on its own.
You need to surpass that.
Right.
McQueen, you're a daughter
of the famous Mejiro family.
If you want people to respect
that name, work hard,
no matter how dirty you have to get.
I know that.
GolShi…
Uh… well, just run however you want.
Got it.
And you, Suzuka…
Yes.
Last year, you helped me
realize some of my dreams,
but it's not enough.
I want to dream more with you.
Work hard on your rehab.
Right!
Spica is going to beat Rigil this year!
We're going to work harder than them!
Right!
Anyway, let's go.
Go where?
Bad Luck
Charm
You're Silence Suzuka-san, aren't you?
Y-Yeah.
Please shake my hand!
Is your leg okay?
Yes.
We're waiting for you to come back.
Everyone's waiting for
Suzuka-san to come back.
Oh, it's Special Week!
Y-Yeah.
Too bad you didn't win the Japan Cup.
Y-Yeah…
Keep working hard out there.
Everyone, let's go!
I pray that Suzuka heals up.
Also, that orange juice starts
coming out of faucets.
I'm going to make Spica into the best team.
I'm not losing to her!
I'm going to catch up to the president!
I'm going to make the Mejiro
name proud with my running.
I pray that I'll be able to run with Suzuka!
I'm going to recover and race again.
Hello, Mom.
I've been accompanying
Suzuka-san to rehab every day.
I see how hard she's working,
and I can't help but be
reminded how great she is.
Everyone on the team is winning a lot.
I guess our prayers from the start
of this year are being answered.
It'll be summer soon,
and Suzuka-san's leg should
be fully healed soon.
I can't wait.
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Suzuka-san, take it easy at first.
Easy, okay?
I'll be fine with one lap.
Don't overdo it
just because it's fun.
Right.
All right, let's go.
One, two…
I wonder how many months it's been
since we've gotten to run with Suzuka-san.
Yeah…
Nine months and three days.
You counted, huh?
You'll be putting more strain
on your leg, so be careful.
I know.
Spe, you're being annoying.
S-Sorry!
Oh, is that Suzuka?
Suzuka, you can run now?
Air Groove-senpai…
When will you make it back on the track?
I don't know yet, but I definitely will.
I see. Come back soon.
And let's have another good
race like the Takarazuka Kinen.
Yeah.
Air Groove, let's go.
Sorry, I couldn't help it.
Suzuka, I'm glad to see you here.
I can't wait for you to get back out there.
I really feel that way
as your former teammate.
Right.
Special Week, sorry for bothering you.
No, I'm happy.
Happy?
Everyone's waiting for
Suzuka-san to come back.
Suzuka-san is amazing!
That's not…
Oh yeah, you're going to be in
the Takarazuka this year, right?
Yes.
Grass Wonder's running for Rigil.
I know.
It'll be my first time running with her.
Let's make it a good race.
Right!
Grass Wonder, do you have a moment?
What is it?
You know that Special Week will be running
the Takarazuka Kinen for Spica, right?
Yes.
She's becoming quite the
star among your generation,
but the same could also be
said of you, Grass Wonder.
Thank you very much,
but beating Spe-chan will be tough.
I guess winning the Arima Kinen
didn't go to your head.
It's made me desperate to work harder.
That's the spirit.
Whatever you do, work at
it with all your heart.
Do your best.
Keep those feelings with you.
I'll do my best.
Rehab Exercises You Can Do at Home
Hmm?
Carrot Books
I have to go help Suzuka-san, so I won't
be able to eat lunch with you for a while.
I'm sorry!
Spe-chan, I'm back!
Welcome back, Urara-chan!
Huh?
What's the matter?
You're spacing out.
Well, Spe-chan has been a bit odd lately.
It doesn't matter who you're up against.
At Rigil, we always do our best.
Don't think about anything you don't have to.
Right.
That's cold.
I'm going to tape it up.
Thank you.
I still can't move my legs
and arms the way I want,
but I had fun.
It makes me happy to run.
Me, too!
Let's build up more muscles,
so we can run faster!
Yeah.
Suzuka-san, are you okay?!
Spe-chan…
Are you in pain?
I'm okay.
Focus on yourself for now.
But…
You have the Takarazuka Kinen
this weekend, right?
Yeah.
I want you to win, Spe-chan.
Hey, Spe!
Don't slack off!
I'm sorry!
Jeez, I told you not to work yourself up.
Yeah…
Oh, Grass-chan.
Um, do you want to get lunch, Spe-chan?
I have to do something with Suzuka-san—
Then I'll go with you.
Is it okay for me to be here?
Of course it is.
I can't just hog you all to myself.
It's been a long time since we've
had lunch with you, Spe-chan.
Oh, right.
I got a letter from El.
El-chan?!
Let's see…
"Bonjour, it's El."
"Are you all doing well?"
I thought I was going to win hands down,
but I came in second in the Prix d'Ispahan.
But I'm totally going to win the
next Grand Prix de Saint-Cloud!
Cheer me on!
Salut!
She hasn't changed, even overseas.
I'm thinking of going to America.
Suzuka-san, I'm running in the
Takarazuka Kinen this Sunday,
so I'll be gone for a little bit.
I won't be able to help you out,
but I'll be right back after it's over.
Let's train together.
Yes.
Suzuka-san, how is your leg?
It doesn't hurt anymore.
I want to get back to racing
as quickly as I can.
I was anxious throughout
my rehabilitation, too.
Oh, yeah, the same thing
happened to you.
Yes, that's why I was so upset
during the Mainichi Okan.
I couldn't reach my full speed.
That was before Suzuka got hurt.
Sorry for bringing that up.
Anyway, you shouldn't rush yourself.
Grass-chan, thank you.
I won't rush. I'll take it day by day.
Suzuka-san, I'll help you, too!
Yeah.
Um…
Spe-chan, you're thinking about
the Takarazuka Kinen, right?
Yeah!
I'm glad, then.
I want to be as cool as
Suzuka-san was last year!
What about me?
Huh?
Never mind. It's nothing.
Let's do our best.
That was good.
I'll get it!
Hey, wait.
Those two are really close.
They are…
It's time for the match all fans of
the Twinkle Series are waiting for:
the Takarazuka Kinen.
Hosoe-san, who do you think
we should keep an eye on?
I'm sure it'll be a close match between
Grass Wonder and Special Week.
They both have what it takes,
and they're both popular.
You can feel the passion here,
with Grass Wonder joining us.
It'll be interesting.
Silence Suzuka's performance from last
year really left an impression on us.
All right.
Spe-chan, we'll finally get to run together.
I want a hard fight.
She looks more serious
than she ever has before.
Let me see.
Sure.
Spe, focus! Focus!
All the horse girls have entered their gates.
Suzuka-san…
The Takarazuka Kinen…
…has started!
Special Week and Grass Wonder
are about to go at it.
It'll be important to see who makes their
move toward the second half of the race.
They've passed the second turn.
Nisha Mother Great is in the lead!
The other eleven horse
girls are following her.
King Halo is in second, no, third.
Kin'iryoutei is trying to
come up from the inside.
Special Week is following in fifth.
Grass Wonder is right behind her.
Suzuka-san!
Grass Wonder is sticking with Special Week.
Grass Wonder is strong
when she gets like this.
Spe-chan…
Suzuka-san, are you watching?
I'm running the same race you did!
Special Week is looking around!
Grass Wonder is behind you!
Spe-chan, you're up against me today.
They've made the third turn,
and are now entering the fourth.
If I was Suzuka-san…
Special Week has made her move!
We can't!
Special Week has taken the lead!
The crowd is going wild!
Will she be able to keep
her lead until the end?!
Grass Wonder is coming up from the outside!
They've finished the fourth turn,
and they're in the last stretch!
Grass Wonder and Special Week
are going to fight it out!
Spe-chan isn't going to
give me a real fight today.
Grass Wonder's in the lead now!
Grass Wonder just blew past Special Week!
No way…
Suzuka-san's watching!
Grass Wonder! Grass Wonder is in the lead!
Grass Wonder had it in her!
She just
took first!
Special Week came in second,
three horse lengths behind!
I was able to give it my all
because I was up against you.
Did you give it your all against me?
Trainer-san…
I thought you'd be here.
I'm sorry.
Racing isn't easy.
Your mental state is important during a race.
Yes…
Spe, what were you thinking about
when you were racing today?
Suzuka-san, are you watching?
I'm running the same race you did!
If I was Suzuka-san…
I was thinking about Suzuka-san.
Who are you?
Special Week.
And who were you up against today?
Grass-chan.
Hey, Spe.
What's your goal?
I'm going to run with Suzuka-san.
Was that it?
Huh?
I wanted my mom to watch me win.
I promised my mom…
I said I'd be the best horse girl in Japan.
That's right.
You're going to be the best
horse girl in Japan, right?
You don't have time to pay
attention to other things.
That's right.
This fall…
You're winning all of your races.
Fall…
Charm
In a dash, in a flash,
just a little more now,
each new race like a dream neverending
Every one of us will blaze a
trail aimed right for the stars
Together we'll run! Let's
go! Our starting gate!
With curiosity in hand, go tug
on tomorrow's tail and say hello
It's right there, so go on and close
the gap now (Right here and now!)
Can't play by the rules they tell
you! Gotta learn it all by experience!
If we just plan to run for the
end, everything will turn out okay!
Can't get me down,
hesitate, or go too slowly!
We know that deep in our hearts is a song
that sings "give it your all"! Make it shine!
In a dash, in a flash, just a
little more now, (Dash! Dash!)
every step like the wind
neverending (Zoom! Zoom!)
A twinkling star that we wear
on our sleeves (But only one!)
Let's let our hearts race
together as one! (Grow up! Shine!)
One more step, one more push,
just a little more now, (Dash! Dash!)
each new race like a dream
neverending (Zoom! Zoom!)
Every one of us will see
our path to the very end!
Let's run now, everyone!
Let's go! Our starting gate!